---
layout: post
title: "Blondies"
date: 2020-05-28T01:52
categories: [desserts]
tags: [butter, brown-sugar, eggs, white-chocolate-chips, vanilla]
source: https://sugarspunrun.com/blondies-recipe/#wprm-recipe-container-14940
---

This is the best chewy blondie recipe! These cookie bars include the option of adding white chocolate chips and nuts, but they taste just as good without any add-ins

## Ingredients ##

- 1 cup unsalted butter (melted (226g))
- 1 1/4 cup brown sugar* (tightly packed (250g))
- 1/2 cup sugar (100g)
- 2 large eggs + 1 egg yolk (room temperature preferred)
- 2 teaspoons vanilla extract
- 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour (285g)
- 2 teaspoons cornstarch (cornflour in the UK)
- 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
- 1 teaspoon salt
- 2/3 cup white chocolate chips (115g)
- 1 cup chopped walnuts (130g)

## Directions ##

1. Preheat oven to 350F (175C) and line a 13x9 pan with parchment paper**
2. Combine melted butter and sugar in a large bowl and stir well.
3. Add eggs, egg yolk, and vanilla extract and stir until completely combined. Set aside.
4. In a separate bowl, whisk together flour, cornstarch, baking powder, and salt.
5. Gradually stir dry ingredients into wet until completely combined.
6. Fold in white chocolate chips and nuts, if using.
7. Spread blondie batter into prepared pan and transfer to oven.
8. Bake on 350F (175C) for 25-30 minutes*** or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean or with a few fudgy crumbs.
9. Allow to cool before cutting and enjoying

## Notes ##

Prep Time: 15 min  
Cook Time: 25 min  
Serves: 15 blondies

### Nutrition ###

Serving Size: 1 blondie (calorie count includes nuts and chips)  
Calories: 370 kcal  
Fat: 20 g  
Saturated Fat: 11 g  
Unsaturated Fat: 7 g  
Cholesterol: 70 mg  
Sodium: 181 mg  
Carbohydrates: 46 g  
Fiber: 1 g  
Sugar: 29 g  
Protein: 4 g  
